I used to work at this factory. I was a housekeeper for about a year then I transferred to the "hoes" department. I made the hoses for the machines. Now there was the main girl that was a team lead and she was known for being a bad person. I wouldn’t have transferred but I was in an abusive relationship and was trying to save money to move. My biggest dislike of this lady was that she was VERY sexually driven. I am all for expressing yourself but she would flirt/hook up with all the guys on the line and she had a huge hang up on the big boss.

She HATED that big boss was "taking a liking" to me. By this I mean when he asked me to do something I did it. There was this big deal about how the hose department was behind (bc they couldn’t keep workers) and I was fast (even with my rib being out). She did this thing that took her an extra 10-15 mins per set which big boss told her to stop doing. She trained me to do it her way but I found it easier to do it big boss way and faster. Big boss encouraged me bc our production increased since I was there and I did what he said. (Plus I wasn’t flirting with the line 50% of the day) She instantly changed towards me. Very short and rude and pointing out every mistake.

This lady constantly told me that "her" department starts off at $17 and the job posting also said $17. So when I got $16 I was upset. I talked to boss about it and said $16 is what that department starts at and to be happy I’m making more than I was before. (Also talked to past hose girls and they said they got $16.50) After this I was pissy the rest of the day. Also my "move out" date was getting closer and that was also stressing me out. She was talking to me about how unfair it was that I wasn’t getting paid the right amount and I said something about how big boss was a piece of shit and shouldn’t even have his job (a lot more bad going on but to much to write). This angered her a lot.

I leave bc I have a doc appointment and boss called me while there and texted me to come straight to office when I got back. My bosses boss was there when I walked in. They accused me of PUTTING A KNIFE TO SOMEONES NECK AND THREATENING THEM. I was shocked. Obviously I denied it bc I DID NO SUCH THING. Then it was well you put a knife to someone’s neck, then you had a knife and pointed it at them, then you had a knife and were upset. I was like "who?? I was with lady all day. Did you ask her?" Then they said she was the one I "did it" to and there were "multiple witnesses". Long story short they fire me. (Later found out the one "witness" is this ladies close, self proclaimed "father figure")

That night my ex was extremely angry at me for losing my job then I get served DOMESTIC ABUSE papers by a cop regarding the work stuff. First off it says right on the paper this excludes coworkers. I go to court for it and she doesn’t even show up!!! I move away and I did contact a lawyer about everything but he said if there are "witnesses" even if they aren’t real that could end up having the whole thing turned against me.

Now for the revenge! On my last day of work at a nursing home I see lady. She is taking to the hiring manager. She leaves and I instantly go in and ask "was that lady’s name?" And get told yes. I explain how she got multiple people fired at her old job and LOVES to start and stir drama. Hiring manager says she will note that. LADY DIDNT GET THE JOB 😂
